What's a car like that doing in our neighborhood?
You became our CEO's secretary?
Yeah, $20,000 per month.
That's enough to cover my mom with medical bills.
Just be careful.
We're under disposable to rich guys like that.
Who knows what he really wants?
It's a little hypocritical, don't you think?
How many times have I warned you about all the rich dudes you day
and now you're giving me advice?
I mean, I know he's a joke or whatever, but I'm just trying to protect you.
I'm trying to protect me from the guy that was your target this morning.
I was joking.
I'm not interested in him anymore.
I don't need some guy to pay my bills.
Besides, I have good news too.
I got a job.
And I'm moving out.
Really?
What job?
You weren't even looking.
You just got fired.
Wait, and why do you need to move out?
Why are you questioning me?
Why can't you just be happy for me?
Yesterday you spent like three months salary on a room to bone some rich guy.
Now there's a town car outside and suddenly you have a new job and you're moving out.
I think it's fair for me to be concerned.
What the hell are you insinuating?
Do you think I'm just another shameless gold digger like everybody else?
You don't give a shit about me?
I'm not a whore.
I know.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Look, that's not what I meant.
Let's just talk about it.
I'm done.
Is that your new job?